---
layout: post
title: Moar Fuzz!!!
tags: [hacking]
---

Alright back at it on 12/16/2020. I had a thought while I was away (side note: sometimes it helps to step away for a few hours or the rest of the day and come back to a problem. You'll always think of something good, trust me on this.). By the way I'm also going to go back and document all of these vulnerabilities a little more carefully and start giving them identifiers (e.g. HGV-0, HGV-1). Why? Because it's cool af and I also am not a fan of the current CVE system, which (I think) requires "responsible disclosure" (rant about that to come) which I do not believe in. Anyway, let's get back to hacking.

The thought that I had was that I'm getting a bunch of less interesting null ptr derefs whenever I give explorer.exe a "bad character" (chars disallowed by typical path names). Make no mistake, these are still vulnerabilities, there are plenty of examples out there of exploiting null page derefs, they are just far more rare than things like overflows and memory disclosure bugs. Anyway, my thinking is this: I'm looking for a vuln that fits a particular model, in particular one that allows me to take remote control of a machine without the user having to even click on the file. This seems do-able since even the functions that just list contents of a folder appear to be vulnerable to pretty much anything except for standard ascii characters (bit of an exaggeration but you get it). So instead of gathering a ton of crashes that will be with illegal characters, let's strip out the illegal chars one by one and see what happens, until we find a vuln that is not based on illegal characters. I'm going to try this, but also keep in the back of my mind that there is *possibly* an avenue to create files with illegal characters in them, the standard API doesn't seem to allow it (it causes a null deref), but perhaps editing some metadata somewhere in the system will allow me to do this, again let's put a pin in that and come back to it. For now let's strip 0x0A and 0x0D (line break, carriage return) which I know are illegal chars in a filename.

