---
layout: post
title: Getting more targeted
tags: [hacking]
---


## Continuing with the fuzz and getting more targeted

OK folks, back at it this evening (wtf am I a weatherman??). Since I've found ~10 0-days in the Shell32/explorer.exe automation library I think it's time we admit that I'm going to be finding 0-days all fucking day in this thing. So now I need to get a little smarter and choose some targets that are going to make the most impact. How I do dis? Well, we're gonna start using an RE tool (yay?) that lights up the parts of a binary that have been visited. It's called lighthouse, it's primarily used by people that fuzz to ensure that they're getting good coverage after a fuzz run. I don't care about that right now, what I really want is to know which functions are called when I pop open explorer.exe. That way I can target those functions, 0-day one of them (for example one that lists the contents of a folder), try to control that 0-day vuln and write a 0-day exploit for it. Why? Because I can. And because it could also be worth some money. I used to think of this as a dirty practice, but I realized that in reality all this does is make your hunting *sustainable* and we all want me to keep finding 0-days right?? Bug bounties certainly won't cut it, I don't work for 500 bucks for a week's worth of work and an "I <3 microsoft" fucking t-shirt. Anyway let's get at it. First things first, I've downloaded DynamoRIO and I'm going to go ahead and instrument it using drcov. I have Binary Ninja installed (because fuck IDA), and the lighthouse plugin installed. Just follow the instructions, they work. 
